Added DQN Agent (#9)
zenml-io/zenfiles: atari-game-play/README.md

> # Atari - Solving Games with AI 🤖

Reviewer: I'd encourage you to maybe follow some of the ideas in the `nba-pipeline` zenfile in terms of structure for the README.

> The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate how ZenML enables you to build complex reinforcement learning application in fairly simple way and we had made use of DQN Agent that solves Atari Games.

Reviewer 2: Which game in particular? Is this Atari Breakout??

Author: Yes

Reviewer 2: can you specify this in the README instead of talking about Atari Games in general?

> The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate how ZenML enables you to build complex reinforcement learning application in fairly simple way and we had made use of DQN Agent that solves Atari Games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate how ZenML enables you to build a complex reinforcement learning application in a fairly simple way making use of a DQN Agent that solves Atari Games.

```

I'd second the request to be more specific about which game you tackled.

ZenML is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework to create production-ready machine learning pipelines. Built for data scientists, it has a simple, flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has interfaces/abstractions that are catered towards ML workflows.

At its core, ZenML pipelines execute ML-specific workflows from sourcing data to splitting, preprocessing, training, all the way to the evaluation of results and even serving. There are many built-in batteries to support common ML development tasks. ZenML is not here to replace the great tools that solve these individual problems. Rather, it integrates natively with popular ML tooling and gives standard abstraction to write your workflows.

Within this repo, we will use ZenML to build pipelines for developing one of the most powerful reinforcement learning algorithms, DQN, which learns to solve Atari Games using AI.

> 

Reviewer: We can perhaps use some of the blog text in here? or some of the same ideas?

Author: Sure

> Within this repo, we will use ZenML to build pipelines for developing One of the most powerful reinforcement learning algorithms which is DQN, which leans to solve Atari Games using AI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within this repo, we will use ZenML to build pipelines for developing one of the most powerful reinforcement learning algorithms, DQN, which learns to solve Atari Games using AI.
```

> The demo for a trained model which solves Atari is following:-

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A fully trained agent that plays Atari Breakout, will look like this: ```

![](/_assets/demo.gif)

## 🐍 Python Requirements

Before running this project, you have to install some python packages in your environment which you can do by following steps:

```
git clone https://github.com/zenml-io/zenfiles.git

> cd Atari-Game-Player

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cd atari-game-play
```

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 📓 Diving into the code

We're ready to go now. You can run the code, using the `run_pipeline.py` script.

```
python run_pipeline.py train
```

## 📓 Explanation of Code

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here is a short summary of what each step does:

```

> - `DQN/model.py` This file consists of all the utility functions and classes which we need for developing our steps. All the classes and functions are explained in detail in their respective docstrings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `dqn/model.py` This file consists of all the utility functions and classes which we need for developing our steps. All the classes and functions are explained in detail in their respective docstrings.
```

- `pipelines/training_pipeline` This file has the pipeline for training the model, built using the ZenML pipeline module.

- `steps/game_wrap.py` It is a wrapper for the Gym environment. It will manage the state fed to the DQN.
- `steps/build_dqn.py` It builds the DQN model in Keras.

- `steps/replay_buffer.py` It takes care of managing the stored experiences and sampling from them on demand.
- `steps/agent.py` It will put together the Keras DQN model (including the target network) and the ReplayBuffer. It will take care of things like choosing the action and performing gradient descent.
- `steps/get_information_meta.py` It returns a set of lists like frame number, rewards, and loss lists.
- `steps/train.py` It trains your model.

> Above are a short summary of what every step does!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
